# Motivation

Having only written code for work for the last decade, I only have experience with the tools in use at my company. Our current tech stack is Node, Angular, Redis, and Postgres.

This project exists mainly to provide a playground to try out different things.

## Decisions

### Vite

Hot reloading, out of the box building, and live server. This looks to automate a lot of scaffolding nobody ever really wants to think about too much.

### React

The most popular javascript front-end framework. Sort of the opposite philosophy from Angular, so should be interesting.

### pnpm

We're still on an old version of npm at my day job with a lerna monorepo. I think pnpm can replace a lot of that functionality, but I can't play with it there, until we update Angular, so I'll play with it here instead. Another option we might look at is Nx, which I think is a bit overkill for this project.

### Cypress

In the spirit of using tools I haven't used before I wanted to avoid jest and karma.

### Prettier

I do not ever want to think about formatting. Prettier doesn't allow me to think about formatting. Perfect!

### Test Driven Development

I have long wanted to get in the habit of TDD, and have ran into several roadblocks in the past. In a greenfield project I finally can just do it from the start. Test-first means you always have testable code, because you can't write code that you can't test.

### Git

I don't even feel like this is really a decision at this point.

### Typescript

While I've often heard that typescript and react don't go that well together, I don't see a whole lot of reason why they can't. I like having types a lot, in addition to the reasons commonly given around type-safety, I also like types as a discovery mechanism. So, I will be trying out typescript and react. \*.tsx files are a thing, so I don't think it's actually all that uncommon.
